# Courier-Unit-Management
Application is based on Python and MySql where it provide feature to help u to login as a admin, customer and delivery  person which each person as diff roles such as customer can order a package and admin can check login details and the package needs to be sent and delivery person can deliver the package and update customer regarding the package

The Project contains three sign-in modes, Admin, User and Delivery person. User mode is restricted to viewing existing data and adding more product to be delivered. Admin mode provides access to creation of new data and modification of existing data in addition to the above and give update to other modes. Delivery person mode does have restricted data where he can only have address and the product to be delivered.

The project titled ‘Courier Management Service’ was developed to the courier services and direction and with their help. The system was tested and the performance of the system was found to be acceptable. All the necessary output was created. The system was found to be user-friendly with a help message for the customer. The system will be used for day-to-day activities like out return, company details, hub rates, booking, non-delivery, and pickup centers. It is not easy to do this process manually because it would become very hectic. Hence it is suggested to automate the process by developing the relevant software as the world is moving from manual working to an information and technology era where automation becomes important in all parts of life. The main purpose of this system is to connect all branches to the central database so the everywhere information is the same. This system increases efficiency and increases the customer satisfaction level.

Primarily, the user who will interact with the system will be the administrator of the company assigned to take care of all data transactions and insertion or update. It will have to go through an authorization process of login in and log out. It will have the ability to create customer details, delivery details, couriers’ details, track details, shipment details, and take care of development and maintenance of the application. Delivery person who make sure the package is received or not to the customer got his own interface to deal with which has got customer details, couriers’ details, track details, shipment details and got limited information that the admin himself. He also got to update the customer about the package has been delivered or not so that customer can look if he received or not. Customer on the other hand got his own interface to courier his package and also to check if the package updates regarding is it packed and delivered
